ah
the good team because little by little it has gone
taking shape and consolidating in many
aspects but we will always aspire to
be in better condition
trying to be the best football by
course getting the results that
we need to go on fulfilling their
objectives the team has gone from less to
plus
we have gone little by little looking
and make it stronger in all the lines
and that leads us to have the
results as I told you from a
Start in the group has focused
directly to that problem to be
clear in what we are looking for and for
course all based on going
winning the best level for each player
and so together to the team to be able
get the results is undoubtedly has
improved that has been consolidating little
a little but a lot is missing I never
I put ceilings by then you stop growing
is how it will be that until here I arrived and that
it would be the last thing I could do not
we will gradually and increasingly aspiring to
more things when you get closer to the
objectives of course that excites and
that encourages you very much to be very clear what
that we can not lose sight of is to be
the approach we must take to
achieve that I never underestimate
absolutely nothing I try to see all
the aspects everything that counts
around a team to be able to have
the best reference and the best sample
is that the team that are hardest hit
he's always with an ex so that's why
will be waiting for the best rival